welcome sneaker watchers today we are
reviewing two of nikes latest releases
both to zoom kobe 7 and the lebron 9
have already had their fair share of
success since their debuts for these two
new colorways are some of the best yet
derived from a USA team both shoes are
expected to see floor time this summer
during the Olympic Games when Kobe and
LeBron suit up for Team USA although
nike you put the same styling on each
sneaker individually they're miles apart
beginning with the Kobe the first thing
I noticed was the contrasting red
flywire that pops up from the white base
when the sneaker is mostly white
editions of Navy along the inner liner
swoosh laces and midsole give it an
extra nice taste and an official Olympic
style another cool thing that I found on
the shoe was the world basketball
festival logo on the back of the sneaker
which you won't find on the LeBron in
comparison the LeBron has a bulkier
build which looks great on jeans when I
first grabbed the shoe the first thing
that I noticed was the Navy swoosh which
pops out from the white base due to the
red outline another thing that stood out
was the thick air max bubble on the
bottom of the sneaker made up entirely
of obsidian the bottom contracts from
the top giving a true Olympic feel in
addition the red on the inner liner
opposite side of the tongue and the
LeBron logo finish it off with the true
USA styling the last cool standout
feature that i found was LeBron
signature move the tongue and the laces
on the tongue you're going to see it in
white over an obsidian while on the
laces you're going to find it a navy
over red bull shoes are definitely hot
pick up for the summer and they're
available now at your local falaka or
Nike retailer check out shots are bull
sneakers on foot and stay tuned and
sneaker watch for more reviews